![doodle](./doodle.jpg)

# UCSD CSE29 Summer Session 1 Syllabus and Logistics

- [Olivia Weng](https://www.oliviaweng.com/) (Instructor)
- [Joe Gibbs Politz](https://jpolitz.github.io) (Instructor)

CSE29 introduces you to systems programming: 1) the basics of how programs
execute on a computer, 2) programming in C with direct access to memory and
system calls, 3) software tools to manage and interact with code and programs.

This is a placeholder page; don't rely on information here until this message
lists that information is official.

## FAQ/AFQ (Anticipated Frequent Questions)

**Q: Is the course remote?**

There are two offerings of the course. The one taught by Joseph (Joe) Gibbs
Politz is remote. The one taught by Olivia Weng (listed as “Staff” as of
writing this FAQ) is in-person. The course content is essentially the same: we
will share materials (and this website!).

**Q: Will the in-person section actually be remote even though it doesn't say so?**

No, you should expect to be able to pass that version of the course if you
aren't available for the in-person components.

**Q: Is Joe's section fully remote?**

Yes, the course is fully remote, including lectures, labs, and exams.

**Q: Can I complete the remote course from XYZ state/country/timezone?**

We don't check or verify that all services are available outside of the US (for
example, but not exclusively [PrairieLearn](https://www.prairielearn.com),
[Gradescope](https://piazza.com), remote access to USCD via `ssh`, sharing
videos on Youtube and Google Drive), so wherever you are you're responsible for
making sure you have access to these services.  Sometimes we decide somewhat
late exactly what services we will use, and we only test them from campus/from
California.  Some aspects of accessing UCSD from outside the country may
require extra steps that are your responsibility, and we won't necessarily be
able to help or come up with workarounds if something doesn't work.

Also, some course components, while remote, require **synchronous**
participation. So you need to be available, with a quality Zoom connection, for
the listed course times.

**Q: What equipment/setup do I need for the remote course?**

Most remote activities will be done over Zoom, often while using another tool
like a programming environment or [PrairieLearn](https://www.prairielearn.com).

You need a camera and a microphone so that you can participate in discussions.
You should have a setup with a good enough Zoom connection to support
screenshare and sharing your webcam; group activities in lab and lecture may
require that you work in groups and cameras will be expected to be on to
facilitate high-quality discussion.

